[VAULT-35162] Development Cluster setting docs (#30659)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/30659.txt

```release-note:feature

> **Development Cluster Configuration**: Added `development_cluster` as a metadata field to the utilization reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Development Cluster Configuration** (enterprise): Added `development_cluster` as a field to Vault's utilization reports.
```
